okay I paid three people on Fiverr to
make me disappear I gave them all the
same script and said get creative in
tears of three years I'll be reading
them on the scale from one to ten and
the best one out of those three okay
listen I had a really really big plan
for this video like big boy but I just I
do not trust dudes who say they're gonna
make me discord server and are charging
a thousand dollars with one five-star
review like I'm I know I had to go a
little bit cheaper I'd wanted the ball
out I couldn't just cuz of my trust
issues bro sorry that being said I paid
for three different discord servers one
was around $20
the other one was around $34 and the
final one was worth around $100 I really
wanted to go big or go home but you know
I just I cannot trust dudes he'll be
charging a bad or a discord server I
just can I'm sorry dude looking tough
nuts I get now I have all of my
discourse servers here I have around
three of them I believe rank from least
expensive to most expensive so you know
let's let's jump into it dude let's get
going hold on wait just a second Before
we jump into the video I'd like to think
salad for sponsoring me yet again
okay now hear me out you may have heard
about salad before you know previously
I've mentioned that they've teamed up
with discord to bring you a safe and
easy way to get this protector
free just by dropping salad on your
computer and I also like to mention that
salad is a crypto minor but hear me out
salad has recently lowered their
technological requirements for chopping
side meaning that even if you have the
worst computer you can still chop for
some free monies not only that but salad
is also incorporated offer walls meaning
that you can not only play games where
you can earn money for playing them it's
just another way to get some free discs
or nitro I mean what do you do if you're
interested in downloading salad head to
the first link in the description and
use my code isaac free free $2 all right
let's get back to the video I might be
spitting my my game here I'm gonna be
tearing these dudes up the first one
here right off the bat we have the pizza
parlor which I did request because he
did need a server name we don't have a
server icon which is ok I guess first
look it looks pretty good you know it
looks good I did it's a very simple
layout ish we have our basic like
welcome rules there are no rules
we have rolls do to do day 18 don't 18
and older under age you know I can't
really bash on it I like to know my
audience I guess question mark dude I
don't know oh oh ok cool so we got
general we got some memes we got gaming
bots images videos selfies you know like
very very simple things we have a
Pokemon channel for some reason I don't
know why whatever
Pokemon is cool I guess have around 3
VCS a private VC and an a of KBC so 5 in
total not bad $20 you know you can it's
not bad
hide your song requests I guess that's
the music pot I'm guessing I mean here
oh yes it is they're just yeah we have a
pokemon bot hydra dank dank meme err
very cool the akinator for some reason
oh no you know it's not bad it's not
good either you know there is no staff
chat whatsoever there are no logs I
don't think I mean I mean you could
probably set up with these but
you know I'm paying dudes to make me a
cerebro I need I need them to do it for
me you feel me $20 you get what you pay
for I guess on Fiverr
I'm a ready for this was around I think
$35 the name Isaac's iceberg it has my
profile picture in it right off the bat
dude we got way more than then our last
server we have a server counter a BOTS
counter we have a welcome this is pretty
cool
yeah that's cool see I'm welcoming all
my members like meeseeks and dank memers
information rules ok respect each other
please not self-promote don't
impersonate ok be respectful to the
moderators of the server and use the
channel only fruits per ok all right so
we got some rules we pay an extra $10 we
get some rules there we go that's pretty
cool social ping that's pretty cool yeah
ok all right that's French everyone
that's not really a good idea just
because I go live like almost every day
general chat oh hey as we got meme
channel why is what's with you guys into
frogs for memes is that like a pepe
thing y'all trying to do like good like
a funny funny comedy frog is that what's
going on here with the meet with the the
Frog association with the memes see this
is pretty cool right from our dank memes
hell yeah
can I get a hell yeah stay with me not 3
2 1 hell yeah if you did that you're
stupid you know it's a it's a good idea
I would much rather replace it with my
reddit I don't have one but if I do I'm
gonna do that Kim jong-eun becomes
popular makes first reported public
oh so we ain't dead okay that's pretty
dank I do say so myself
we got staff chat see extra $10 you get
what you pay for in fiber the rumors are
true staff chat Auto log staff voice you
know that's that's pretty that's pretty
exciting white with this bot just never
stops finding memes does it 613 612 612
6:12 62 cents I'm like every 10 seconds
oh my god it dives holy oh my god it
doesn't stop and then we got some some
public game log busy now
30 35 bucks yes it was it's worth the
money I would say it was worth the money
but um you know not everybody wants to
be I guess labeled with a game you know
I could tell this was this was this
there was some time put into it but it
was kind of lazy you know you have what
for the same five of the same open game
lobbies and if any of you watch any of
my videos you know I'm not really like a
gamer like that but um oh no I'm a right
dis I'm on em seven seven seven out
alright so right off the bat right off
the bat that's fresh that's gas bro -
boosters you see that right you see all
the mmm oh you can do any one you want
that could be all the one that's even
cooler do you can only be one color you
know right off the bat we are getting we
I am Wow
there's just a lot here there's a lot
I'm gonna go through it all
notifications okay do my own but are you
kidding me let's go mmm get myself up
real quick you know what you get what
you pay for I say that three times I'm
saying it again
Robo penguin that is fresh be
automatically notified of the latest
videos and streams so you can you can
put on my notification squad for YouTube
and for twitch and that's all automated
okay rules this was a strong 10 in my
book but even if subtle details just
sometimes go notice rules
I really wish my man would just you know
hit me up with some basic rules you know
I don't know what the rules are cuz I
break all of them because I'm a bad boy
I wish no I wish there was rules that
would have been pretty cool it's not
gonna be a 10
unless you get duck you have to come
back and you have to come back fast and
hard and strong all right we got
announcements you know can ping everyone
that's pretty fresh new birds okay all
right so this is the Welcome Channel
okay so this lets me know everyone who
hopped in this server that's pretty cool
um you know I was really I was really
like I was liking this this was pretty
fresh this is the $25 one I like the
penguin incorporation with the welcome
message that's pretty cool this is you
know it's very basic but it does have a
member number under your name which is
you know that's pretty cool okay
boosters I want to see edit channel
permissions certified penguin that's
something we need to look at we're going
to do that right now
our roles what kind of roles are we
looking at Wow
okay dude D um okay all right we were
working we're working away from the
bottom up so wow we got all these BOTS
funbox utility bus so we got twitch gain
you new YouTube notification gang we got
a certified penguin which create invite
I guess is like a like a better version
or a cooler member I guess yeah like pic
perms and stuff like that and now this
is so nice that is so nice so we got
level 1 5 10 15 20 no you get the point
but the gradient from this light blue up
to like a darker blue just looks so good
to me you know what maybe you're gonna
get with a what year you might get away
with the 10 dude I'm gonna be real with
dummies got muted that's okay that's a
muted roll bruh
the only thing that I wish you would
have included was administrator above
moderator and not given moderator
administrator because that's not a
moderator that's an administrator now
there's always like tweaks I can make by
myself but then again I'm paying these
dudes to make me a server so you know
whatever friends dis cords that's pretty
important be linking like my friends
discord
[__] Isaac uploads we got twitch gang
Isaac wise now live which is much better
than in here where it says at everyone
you know that's I could live without
adding everyone every time I go live
twitch gang that's better
that's cool that's I like that Twitter
feed will you tell me fortune cookies a
paper in them yo yeah the choice is not
like chatot Scott tweet and you did why
what must I do to get one of these funky
vinyl figures designed after myself
Isaac why dude I'm sure that might get
annoying is sometimes but it's still
funny we got server stats I don't know
why it's in the middle here I personally
think I should be at the very top which
I would move but I know I'm just gonna
leave it for now we got fun box we got
dank meme err I don't know what he does
I'm sure he does something not so BA
robot pokey card hell yeah
helped hell yeah type P catch he catch
bro get him P catch
I don't know Pikachu or something P good
its Pikachu Pikachu and then we got some
moderator things we got some mod lounges
we got staff bots whoa dude holy moly
this dude went through word overall this
server there is a lot but then your cert
there's some missing details which I'm I
could add but I won't because I paid
these dudes to do it for me I didn't
give these guys like any I just said get
creative you know and they got creative
and I'm really I'm enjoying the server
I'm enjoying this robo penguin he is
fresh to death my man
overall I'm gonna have to give this I
think like a 9.5
if you enjoyed the video gently like
tickle the like button
just because smashing is mean and I'm
not about that
domestic a like button there's just not
okay by me this is 20/20 guys leave that
should 2019 bro you know but either way
if you enjoyed it let me know will I be
doing another fiber video it depends on
this one does so if you like it tell me
dude
so I'll get on another one soon thank
you for watching audio
[Music]